Good upnext we're planning some more features, we'll go one at a time so that it's easier to varifiy the changes. here is the list of stuff I'm plainnin..
1. First I'd want the chats interface to properly show/divide chats in time frames. Yk how the actual what's app showns at what dayframe what the chat around, like was it today, yesterday or that day yk how it goes. This is actually realted to the next feature we wanna introduce so make sure it looks the part too, just how whatapp shows those frames dividing the chats between today, yesterday and so on..
2. The memories function, now this is one of the many functions that make the app sentient, users should now be able to save a specific day or at max 2 days worth of chats, compress them as a memory bubble they spenpt that day and save it as the chats database. Later using a specific fucntion like \rem they should be able to call opon it and chat with the persona as they normally would and the context of that day. But remember this should be a togglable feature, that should be turned on in order to accesss all the memory bubbles. Add it to the settings app as the first option in the new sentience tab, Also sentience tab should also show the memory bubbles and they should be editable removable or cratable ok. Full control.
3. Last but not the least, a persona schedual feature, this is different form the generic greeting timer thing in additional features, this feature gives more background context to the personas so that they feel even more real. Once the schedule is set, the persona then has context to their time around the day. What I mean is, depending on the time the persona will be acting differently, say it's 9am in the moring and schedule says the persona might be havin breakfast at the moment, then when users chat with the persona they will add the breakfast context in their chat and talk respectively, ofcouse the influence should not be so much that it feels deliberate, only enough that it feels natural. yk natural when we talk to a fried. Ofcouse the schedual should be fully customizable and two of them actually one for weekdays and one for weekends and holidays. They should be easy and intuative to edit and should be fully customizable yk what i mean. Also it should be a togglable feature just as before so that users can on or off it any time. This shall be enough for now... I hope u get the jist of it, go ahead if u need to ask anything....